bitwarden-init: add user/workspace CLAUDE.md scopes (#119)
bitwarden/ai-plugins: plugins/bitwarden-init/commands/enhance-workspace/enhance-workspace.md

---
description: Refresh an existing workspace-level CLAUDE.md by adding missing Bitwarden domain modules

> allowed-tools: Read, Write, Edit, Bash(find:*), Bash(wc:*), Bash(tr:*), Bash(dirname:*), Bash(diff:*), Bash(cp:*), Bash(date:*), Bash(rm:*), Glob

Reviewer: 🎨 These tools feel overly broad to me. Shall we consider limiting them in scope to the temporary files/folders or leaving them off altogether. 

I would support prompting the user for acceptance of tool usage because the process isn't a _set it and forget it_ workflow; it's an interactive back-n-forth with Claude IMO.

Author: Same answer as on the init-workspace.md thread — see https://github.com/bitwarden/ai-plugins/pull/119#discussion_r3333015304 for the rationale. Happy to revisit if there's a concrete attack vector the `Apply` gate doesn't catch.

---

Refresh an existing workspace-level CLAUDE.md by detecting which Bitwarden domain modules are already present and offering to add the missing ones. Same safety guardrails as `/bitwarden-init:init-workspace` — backup before overwrite, diff preview, explicit Apply confirmation.

## Prerequisites

A workspace-level CLAUDE.md must already exist. If it doesn't, stop and point the user at `/bitwarden-init:init-workspace` instead.

## Steps

> 1. **Resolve workspace root** the same way `/bitwarden-init:init-workspace` does:

Reviewer: ♻️ / 🎨 We have near workspace root detection algorithm here. Should we consider something like:

```suggestion
Follow the workspace-root detection algorithm from `/bitwarden-init:init-workspace` step 1 exactly, including the confirmation prompt.
```

**-OR-**

Do we limit the complexity and instead leverage the AskUserQuestion tool for the path of the workspace root? Simplifies the flow and long-term maintenance burden.
